README.md, before:

# React Native Router [![react-native-router-flux](http://img.shields.io/npm/dm/react-native-router-flux.svg)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/react-native-router-flux)[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/aksonov/react-native-router-flux](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/aksonov/react-native-router-flux?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)


Router for React Native based on new React Native Navigation API.

## Features
- Define your scenes transitions in one central location
- Use simple syntax to call transitions anywhere in your code (e.g. `Actions.login()`)
- Eliminates the need to pass navigator objects to your screens
- (new) Ability to show/hide navigation bar as well as customize it for each scene or even different state of scene (Edit/Save navbar for edit mode, for example)
- Support for managing a tab bar, using [react-native-tabs](https://github.com/aksonov/react-native-tabs) (see demo)
- Support for nested navigators. For example, each tab can have its own navigator, nested in a root navigator.
- (new) Ability to add own custom scene renderers for action sheet, native TabBarIOS or anything else, see built-in `Modal` renderer (to display popups) as example. Feel free to submit PR with custom renderers for ActionSheet, Drawer, etc. Let's make awesome library!
- (new) Dynamically choose scene to render depending from application state (`Switch` renderer, useful for authentication)
- (new) Possibility to use own reducer for navigation state.

## IMPORTANT! Breaking changes comparing with 2.x version:
- React Native 0.22 is required
- `Router` is root container now and should not be nested. For nested scenes you should use `Scene` element
- `Route` became `Scene`, now unique `key` attribute is required for each scene (it was `name` attribute before)
- Define all your scenes on top-level, not within `Router` as before (see Example)
- No `Schema` element is supported for now (for simplicity), maybe later it could be added
- No ActionSheet support
- Custom scene renderers are used instead of 'custom' types (like 'modal'), so 'modal' scenes are pushed as usual, but custom renderer will render them as popup. No `dismiss`, just usual `pop` to close such popups.
- No old navigator.sceneConfig support (instead the component uses React Native NavigationAnimatedView for better transitions)
- No onPush/onPop/etc handlers because they are not needed now. If navigation state is changed, container will be re-rendered with changed navigationState property, see `Modal` as Example.
- No header/footer properties are supported for Scene currently - you may include them into Scene component.

## Installation
```
npm i react-native-router-flux --save
```

## Usage
1. In top-level index.js, define your scenes using `Scene` element and pass it to `Router`:
```javascript
import {Actions, Scene, Router} from 'react-native-router-flux';

class App extends React.Component {
    render(){
        return <Router>
            <Scene key="root">
                <Scene key="login" component={Login} title="Login"/>
                <Scene key="register" component={Register} title="Register"/>
                <Scene key="home" component={Home}/>
            </Scene>
        </Router>
    }
```
Alternatively you could define all your scenes during compile time and use it later within Router:
```
const scenes = Actions.create(
            <Scene key="root">
                <Scene key="login" component={Login} title="Login"/>
                <Scene key="register" component={Register} title="Register"/>
                <Scene key="home" component={Home}/>
            </Scene>
);
///
class App extends React.Component {
    render(){
        return <Router scenes={scenes}/>
    }
```

2. In any app screen:
    * import {Actions} from 'react-native-router-flux'
    * Actions.ACTION_NAME(PARAMS) will call appropriate action and params will be passed to the scene.
    * Actions.pop() will pop the current screen.
    * Actions.refresh(PARAMS) will update the properties of current screen.

## Available imports
- Router
- Scene
- Modal
- TabBar
- getInitialState
- Reducer
- DefaultRenderer
- Switch
- Actions

## Configuration

##### Router:
| Property | Type | Default | Description |
|---------------|----------|--------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|
| reducer | function | | optional user-defined reducer for scenes, you may want to use it to intercept all actions and put your custom logic |
| createReducer | function | | function that returns a reducer function for {initialState, scenes} param, you may wrap Reducer(param) with your custom reducer, check Flux usage section below|
| other props | | | all properties that will be passed to all your scenes |  
| children | | required (if no scenes property passed)| Scene root element |
| scenes | object | optional | scenes for Router created with Actions.create. This will allow to create all actions BEFORE React processing. If you don't need it you may pass Scene root element as children |
##### Scene:

| Property | Type | Default | Description |
|-----------|--------|---------|--------------------------------------------|
| key | string | required | Will be used to call screen transition, for example, `Actions.name(params)`. Must be unique. |
| component | React.Component | semi-required | The `Component` to be displayed. Not required when defining a nested `Scene`, see example. If it is defined for 'container' scene, it will be used as custom container `renderer` |
| type | string | 'push' or 'jump' | Defines how the new screen is added to the navigator stack. One of `push`, `jump`, `replace`. If parent container is tabbar (tabs=true), jump will be automatically set.
| tabs| bool | false | Defines 'TabBar' scene container, so child scenes will be displayed as 'tabs'. If no `component` is defined, built-in `TabBar` is used as renderer. All child scenes are wrapped into own navbar.
| initial | bool | false | Set to `true` if this is the initial scene |
| duration | number | 250 | Duration of transition (in ms) |
| direction | string | 'horizontal' | direction of animation horizontal/vertical |
| title | string | null | The title to be displayed in the navigation bar |
| navBar | React.Component | | optional custom NavBar for the scene. Check built-in NavBar of the component for reference |
| hideNavBar | bool | false | hides navigation bar for this scene |
| hideTabBar | bool | false | hides tab bar for this scene (if built-in TabBar component is used as parent renderer)|
| navigationBarStyle | View style |  | optional style override for the navigation bar |
| titleStyle | Text style |  | optional style override for the title element |
| leftTitle | string | | optional string to display on the left if the previous route does not provide `renderBackButton` prop. `renderBackButton` > `leftTitle` > <previous route's `title`> |
| renderLeftButton | Closure | | optional closure to render the left title / buttons element |
| renderBackButton | Closure | | optional closure to render back text or button if this route happens to be the previous route |
| leftButtonStyle | View style | | optional style override for the container of left title / buttons |
| leftButtonTextStyle | Text style | | optional style override for the left title element |
| onLeft | Closure | | function will be called when left navBar button is pressed |
| rightTitle | string | | optional string to display on the right. `onRight` must be provided for this to appear. |
| onRight | Closure | | function will be called when right navBar button is pressed |
| renderRightButton | Closure | | optional closure to render the right title / buttons element |
| rightButtonStyle | View style | | optional style override for the container of right title / buttons |
| rightButtonTextStyle | Text style | | optional style override for the right title element |
| clone | bool | | Scenes marked with `clone` will be treated as templates and cloned into the current scene's parent when pushed. See example. |
| other props | | | all properties that will be passed to your component instance |

## Example
![launch](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1321329/11692367/7337cfe2-9e9f-11e5-8515-e8b7a9f230ec.gif)

```javascript
import React, {AppRegistry, Navigator, StyleSheet, Text, View} from 'react-native'
import Launch from './components/Launch'
import Register from './components/Register'
import Login from './components/Login'
import Login2 from './components/Login2'
import {Scene, Router, TabBar, Modal, Schema, Actions, Reducer} from 'react-native-router-flux'
import Error from './components/Error'
import Home from './components/Home'
import TabView from './components/TabView'

class TabIcon extends React.Component {
    render(){
        return (
            <Text style={{color: this.props.selected ? 'red' :'black'}}>{this.props.title}</Text>
        );
    }
}

const reducerCreate = params=>{
    const defaultReducer = Reducer(params);
    return (state, action)=>{
        console.log("ACTION:", action);
        return defaultReducer(state, action);
    }
};

export default class Example extends React.Component {
    render() {
        return <Router createReducer={reducerCreate} sceneStyle={{backgroundColor:'#F7F7F7'}}>
            <Scene key="modal" component={Modal} >
                <Scene key="root" hideNavBar={true}>
                    <Scene key="register" component={Register} title="Register"/>
                    <Scene key="register2" component={Register} title="Register2" duration={1}/>
                    <Scene key="home" component={Home} title="Replace" type="replace"/>
                    <Scene key="launch" component={Launch} title="Launch" initial={true} style={{flex:1, backgroundColor:'transparent'}}/>
                    <Scene key="login" direction="vertical">
                        <Scene key="loginModal" component={Login} schema="modal" title="Login"/>
                        <Scene key="loginModal2" hideNavBar={true} component={Login2} title="Login2"/>
                    </Scene>
                    <Scene key="tabbar" tabs={true} default="tab2" >
                        <Scene key="tab1"  title="Tab #1" icon={TabIcon} navigationBarStyle={{backgroundColor:'red'}} titleStyle={{color:'white'}}>
                            <Scene key="tab1_1" component={TabView} title="Tab #1_1" onRight={()=>alert("Right button")} rightTitle="Right" />
                            <Scene key="tab1_2" component={TabView} title="Tab #1_2" titleStyle={{color:'black'}}/>
                        </Scene>
                        <Scene key="tab2" initial={true} title="Tab #2" icon={TabIcon}>
                            <Scene key="tab2_1" component={TabView} title="Tab #2_1" onLeft={()=>alert("Left button!")} leftTitle="Left"/>
                            <Scene key="tab2_2" component={TabView} title="Tab #2_2"/>
                        </Scene>
                        <Scene key="tab3" component={TabView} title="Tab #3" hideTabBar={true} icon={TabIcon}/>
                        <Scene key="tab4" component={TabView} title="Tab #4" hideNavBar={true} icon={TabIcon}/>
                        <Scene key="tab5" component={TabView} title="Tab #5" icon={TabIcon} />
                    </Scene>
                </Scene>
                <Scene key="error" component={Error}/>
            </Scene>
        </Router>;
    }
}

```

components/Launch.js (initial screen)

```javascript
import React, {View, Text, StyleSheet, TouchableHighlight} from 'react-native'
import Button from 'react-native-button'
import {Actions} from 'react-native-router-flux'

class Launch extends React.Component {
    render(){
        return (
            <View style={styles.container}>
                <Text>Launch page</Text>
                <Button onPress={()=>Actions.login({data:"Custom data", title:'Custom title' })}>Go to Login page</Button>
                <Button onPress={Actions.register}>Go to Register page</Button>
                <Button onPress={Actions.register2}>Go to Register page without animation</Button>
                <Button onPress={Actions.error('error message')}>Show error popup</Button>
                <Button onPress={Actions.tabbar}>Go to TabBar page</Button>
            </View>
        );
    }
}

var styles = StyleSheet.create({
    container: {
        flex: 1,
        justifyContent: 'center',
        alignItems: 'center',
        backgroundColor: 'transparent',
    }
});

module.exports = Launch;
```

## Modals
To display a modal use `Modal` as root renderer, so it will render first element as `normal` scene and all others as popups (when they are pushed), see Example for more details.

## Redux/Flux
This component doesn't depend from any redux/flux library. It uses new React Native Navigation API and provide own reducer for its navigation state.
You may provide own one if you need. To avoid creation of initial state, you may pass reducer creator. Example to print all actions:
```javascript
// remember to add the 'Reducer' to your imports along with Router, Scene, ... like so
// import { Reducer } from 'react-native-router-flux'
const reducerCreate = params=>{
    const defaultReducer = Reducer(params);
    return (state, action)=>{
        console.log("ACTION:", action);
        return defaultReducer(state, action);
    }
};

// within  your App render() method
return <Router scenes={scenes} createReducer={reducerCreate} />;

```

## Custom nav bar for individual scene or even different state of scene (new feature):
Your scene `component` class could implement _static_ renderNavigationBar(props) method that could return different navbar depending from component props

## Switch (new feature)
New feature for 3.x release is custom scene renderer that should be used together with tabs={true} property. It allows to select `tab` scene to show depending from app state.
It could be useful for authentication, restricted scenes, etc. Usually you should wrap `Switch` with redux `connect` to pass application state to it:
Following example chooses scene depending from sessionID using Redux:
```
        <Scene key="root" component={connect(state=>({profile:state.profile}))(Switch)} tabs={true}
               selector={props=>props.profile.sessionID ? "main" : "signUp"}>
            <Scene key="signUp" component={SignUp}/>
            <Scene key="main" component={Main}>
        </Scene>
```

## Drawer (side menu) integration
Example of Drawer custom renderer based on react-native-drawer. Note that the build-in NavBar component supports toggling of drawer. The Drawer implementation just needs to have a function: toggle();

```javascript
import React from 'react-native';
import Drawer from 'react-native-drawer';
import SideMenu from './SideMenu';
import {DefaultRenderer} from 'react-native-router-flux';

export default class extends React.Component {
    render(){
        const navigationState = this.props.navigationState;
        let selected = navigationState.children[navigationState.index];
        return (
            //Material Design Style Drawer
            <Drawer
                ref="drawer"
                type="displace"
                content={<SideMenu />}
                tapToClose={true}
                openDrawerOffset={0.2} // 20% gap on the right side of drawer
                panCloseMask={0.2}
                negotiatePan={true}
                tweenHandler={(ratio) => ({
                     main: { opacity:Math.max(0.54,1-ratio) }
                })}>
                <DefaultRenderer navigationState={selected}  key={selected.key} {...selected} />
            </Drawer>

        );
    }
}

/// then wrap your scenes with Drawer:
            <Scene key="drawer" component={Drawer}>
                <Scene key="main">
                        ....
                </Scene>
            </Scene>

```

## Support
Thanks to all who submitted PRs to 2.x release. If you like the component and want to support it, feel free to donate any amount or help with issues.

Commit message:

doc(readme): Added properties for image overrides

README.md, after:

# React Native Router [![react-native-router-flux](http://img.shields.io/npm/dm/react-native-router-flux.svg)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/react-native-router-flux)[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/aksonov/react-native-router-flux](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/aksonov/react-native-router-flux?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)


Router for React Native based on new React Native Navigation API.

## Features
- Define your scenes transitions in one central location
- Use simple syntax to call transitions anywhere in your code (e.g. `Actions.login()`)
- Eliminates the need to pass navigator objects to your screens
- (new) Ability to show/hide navigation bar as well as customize it for each scene or even different state of scene (Edit/Save navbar for edit mode, for example)
- Support for managing a tab bar, using [react-native-tabs](https://github.com/aksonov/react-native-tabs) (see demo)
- Support for nested navigators. For example, each tab can have its own navigator, nested in a root navigator.
- (new) Ability to add own custom scene renderers for action sheet, native TabBarIOS or anything else, see built-in `Modal` renderer (to display popups) as example. Feel free to submit PR with custom renderers for ActionSheet, Drawer, etc. Let's make awesome library!
- (new) Dynamically choose scene to render depending from application state (`Switch` renderer, useful for authentication)
- (new) Possibility to use own reducer for navigation state.

## IMPORTANT! Breaking changes comparing with 2.x version:
- React Native 0.22 is required
- `Router` is root container now and should not be nested. For nested scenes you should use `Scene` element
- `Route` became `Scene`, now unique `key` attribute is required for each scene (it was `name` attribute before)
- Define all your scenes on top-level, not within `Router` as before (see Example)
- No `Schema` element is supported for now (for simplicity), maybe later it could be added
- No ActionSheet support
- Custom scene renderers are used instead of 'custom' types (like 'modal'), so 'modal' scenes are pushed as usual, but custom renderer will render them as popup. No `dismiss`, just usual `pop` to close such popups.
- No old navigator.sceneConfig support (instead the component uses React Native NavigationAnimatedView for better transitions)
- No onPush/onPop/etc handlers because they are not needed now. If navigation state is changed, container will be re-rendered with changed navigationState property, see `Modal` as Example.
- No header/footer properties are supported for Scene currently - you may include them into Scene component.

## Installation
```
npm i react-native-router-flux --save
```

## Usage
1. In top-level index.js, define your scenes using `Scene` element and pass it to `Router`:
```javascript
import {Actions, Scene, Router} from 'react-native-router-flux';

class App extends React.Component {
    render(){
        return <Router>
            <Scene key="root">
                <Scene key="login" component={Login} title="Login"/>
                <Scene key="register" component={Register} title="Register"/>
                <Scene key="home" component={Home}/>
            </Scene>
        </Router>
    }
```
Alternatively you could define all your scenes during compile time and use it later within Router:
```
const scenes = Actions.create(
            <Scene key="root">
                <Scene key="login" component={Login} title="Login"/>
                <Scene key="register" component={Register} title="Register"/>
                <Scene key="home" component={Home}/>
            </Scene>
);
///
class App extends React.Component {
    render(){
        return <Router scenes={scenes}/>
    }
```

2. In any app screen:
    * import {Actions} from 'react-native-router-flux'
    * Actions.ACTION_NAME(PARAMS) will call appropriate action and params will be passed to the scene.
    * Actions.pop() will pop the current screen.
    * Actions.refresh(PARAMS) will update the properties of current screen.

## Available imports
- Router
- Scene
- Modal
- TabBar
- getInitialState
- Reducer
- DefaultRenderer
- Switch
- Actions

## Configuration

##### Router:
| Property | Type | Default | Description |
|---------------|----------|--------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|
| reducer | function | | optional user-defined reducer for scenes, you may want to use it to intercept all actions and put your custom logic |
| createReducer | function | | function that returns a reducer function for {initialState, scenes} param, you may wrap Reducer(param) with your custom reducer, check Flux usage section below|
| other props | | | all properties that will be passed to all your scenes |  
| children | | required (if no scenes property passed)| Scene root element |
| scenes | object | optional | scenes for Router created with Actions.create. This will allow to create all actions BEFORE React processing. If you don't need it you may pass Scene root element as children |
##### Scene:

| Property | Type | Default | Description |
|-----------|--------|---------|--------------------------------------------|
| key | string | required | Will be used to call screen transition, for example, `Actions.name(params)`. Must be unique. |
| component | React.Component | semi-required | The `Component` to be displayed. Not required when defining a nested `Scene`, see example. If it is defined for 'container' scene, it will be used as custom container `renderer` |
| type | string | 'push' or 'jump' | Defines how the new screen is added to the navigator stack. One of `push`, `jump`, `replace`. If parent container is tabbar (tabs=true), jump will be automatically set.
| tabs| bool | false | Defines 'TabBar' scene container, so child scenes will be displayed as 'tabs'. If no `component` is defined, built-in `TabBar` is used as renderer. All child scenes are wrapped into own navbar.
| initial | bool | false | Set to `true` if this is the initial scene |
| duration | number | 250 | Duration of transition (in ms) |
| direction | string | 'horizontal' | direction of animation horizontal/vertical |
| title | string | null | The title to be displayed in the navigation bar |
| navBar | React.Component | | optional custom NavBar for the scene. Check built-in NavBar of the component for reference |
| hideNavBar | bool | false | hides navigation bar for this scene |
| hideTabBar | bool | false | hides tab bar for this scene (if built-in TabBar component is used as parent renderer)|
| navigationBarStyle | View style |  | optional style override for the navigation bar |
| titleStyle | Text style |  | optional style override for the title element |
| leftTitle | string | | optional string to display on the left if the previous route does not provide `renderBackButton` prop. `renderBackButton` > `leftTitle` > <previous route's `title`> |
| renderLeftButton | Closure | | optional closure to render the left title / buttons element |
| drawerImage | Image | `'./menu_burger.png'` | Simple way to override the drawerImage in the navBar |
| backButtonImage | Image | `'./back_chevron.png'` | Simple way to override the back button in the navBar |
| renderBackButton | Closure | | optional closure to render back text or button if this route happens to be the previous route |
| leftButtonStyle | View style | | optional style override for the container of left title / buttons |
| leftButtonTextStyle | Text style | | optional style override for the left title element |
| onLeft | Closure | | function will be called when left navBar button is pressed |
| rightTitle | string | | optional string to display on the right. `onRight` must be provided for this to appear. |
| onRight | Closure | | function will be called when right navBar button is pressed |
| renderRightButton | Closure | | optional closure to render the right title / buttons element |
| rightButtonStyle | View style | | optional style override for the container of right title / buttons |
| rightButtonTextStyle | Text style | | optional style override for the right title element |
| clone | bool | | Scenes marked with `clone` will be treated as templates and cloned into the current scene's parent when pushed. See example. |
| other props | | | all properties that will be passed to your component instance |

## Example
![launch](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1321329/11692367/7337cfe2-9e9f-11e5-8515-e8b7a9f230ec.gif)

```javascript
import React, {AppRegistry, Navigator, StyleSheet, Text, View} from 'react-native'
import Launch from './components/Launch'
import Register from './components/Register'
import Login from './components/Login'
import Login2 from './components/Login2'
import {Scene, Router, TabBar, Modal, Schema, Actions, Reducer} from 'react-native-router-flux'
import Error from './components/Error'
import Home from './components/Home'
import TabView from './components/TabView'

class TabIcon extends React.Component {
    render(){
        return (
            <Text style={{color: this.props.selected ? 'red' :'black'}}>{this.props.title}</Text>
        );
    }
}

const reducerCreate = params=>{
    const defaultReducer = Reducer(params);
    return (state, action)=>{
        console.log("ACTION:", action);
        return defaultReducer(state, action);
    }
};

export default class Example extends React.Component {
    render() {
        return <Router createReducer={reducerCreate} sceneStyle={{backgroundColor:'#F7F7F7'}}>
            <Scene key="modal" component={Modal} >
                <Scene key="root" hideNavBar={true}>
                    <Scene key="register" component={Register} title="Register"/>
                    <Scene key="register2" component={Register} title="Register2" duration={1}/>
                    <Scene key="home" component={Home} title="Replace" type="replace"/>
                    <Scene key="launch" component={Launch} title="Launch" initial={true} style={{flex:1, backgroundColor:'transparent'}}/>
                    <Scene key="login" direction="vertical">
                        <Scene key="loginModal" component={Login} schema="modal" title="Login"/>
                        <Scene key="loginModal2" hideNavBar={true} component={Login2} title="Login2"/>
                    </Scene>
                    <Scene key="tabbar" tabs={true} default="tab2" >
                        <Scene key="tab1"  title="Tab #1" icon={TabIcon} navigationBarStyle={{backgroundColor:'red'}} titleStyle={{color:'white'}}>
                            <Scene key="tab1_1" component={TabView} title="Tab #1_1" onRight={()=>alert("Right button")} rightTitle="Right" />
                            <Scene key="tab1_2" component={TabView} title="Tab #1_2" titleStyle={{color:'black'}}/>
                        </Scene>
                        <Scene key="tab2" initial={true} title="Tab #2" icon={TabIcon}>
                            <Scene key="tab2_1" component={TabView} title="Tab #2_1" onLeft={()=>alert("Left button!")} leftTitle="Left"/>
                            <Scene key="tab2_2" component={TabView} title="Tab #2_2"/>
                        </Scene>
                        <Scene key="tab3" component={TabView} title="Tab #3" hideTabBar={true} icon={TabIcon}/>
                        <Scene key="tab4" component={TabView} title="Tab #4" hideNavBar={true} icon={TabIcon}/>
                        <Scene key="tab5" component={TabView} title="Tab #5" icon={TabIcon} />
                    </Scene>
                </Scene>
                <Scene key="error" component={Error}/>
            </Scene>
        </Router>;
    }
}

```

components/Launch.js (initial screen)

```javascript
import React, {View, Text, StyleSheet, TouchableHighlight} from 'react-native'
import Button from 'react-native-button'
import {Actions} from 'react-native-router-flux'

class Launch extends React.Component {
    render(){
        return (
            <View style={styles.container}>
                <Text>Launch page</Text>
                <Button onPress={()=>Actions.login({data:"Custom data", title:'Custom title' })}>Go to Login page</Button>
                <Button onPress={Actions.register}>Go to Register page</Button>
                <Button onPress={Actions.register2}>Go to Register page without animation</Button>
                <Button onPress={Actions.error('error message')}>Show error popup</Button>
                <Button onPress={Actions.tabbar}>Go to TabBar page</Button>
            </View>
        );
    }
}

var styles = StyleSheet.create({
    container: {
        flex: 1,
        justifyContent: 'center',
        alignItems: 'center',
        backgroundColor: 'transparent',
    }
});

module.exports = Launch;
```

## Modals
To display a modal use `Modal` as root renderer, so it will render first element as `normal` scene and all others as popups (when they are pushed), see Example for more details.

## Redux/Flux
This component doesn't depend from any redux/flux library. It uses new React Native Navigation API and provide own reducer for its navigation state.
You may provide own one if you need. To avoid creation of initial state, you may pass reducer creator. Example to print all actions:
```javascript
// remember to add the 'Reducer' to your imports along with Router, Scene, ... like so
// import { Reducer } from 'react-native-router-flux'
const reducerCreate = params=>{
    const defaultReducer = Reducer(params);
    return (state, action)=>{
        console.log("ACTION:", action);
        return defaultReducer(state, action);
    }
};

// within  your App render() method
return <Router scenes={scenes} createReducer={reducerCreate} />;

```

## Custom nav bar for individual scene or even different state of scene (new feature):
Your scene `component` class could implement _static_ renderNavigationBar(props) method that could return different navbar depending from component props

## Switch (new feature)
New feature for 3.x release is custom scene renderer that should be used together with tabs={true} property. It allows to select `tab` scene to show depending from app state.
It could be useful for authentication, restricted scenes, etc. Usually you should wrap `Switch` with redux `connect` to pass application state to it:
Following example chooses scene depending from sessionID using Redux:
```
        <Scene key="root" component={connect(state=>({profile:state.profile}))(Switch)} tabs={true}
               selector={props=>props.profile.sessionID ? "main" : "signUp"}>
            <Scene key="signUp" component={SignUp}/>
            <Scene key="main" component={Main}>
        </Scene>
```

## Drawer (side menu) integration
Example of Drawer custom renderer based on react-native-drawer. Note that the build-in NavBar component supports toggling of drawer. The Drawer implementation just needs to have a function: toggle();

```javascript
import React from 'react-native';
import Drawer from 'react-native-drawer';
import SideMenu from './SideMenu';
import {DefaultRenderer} from 'react-native-router-flux';

export default class extends React.Component {
    render(){
        const navigationState = this.props.navigationState;
        let selected = navigationState.children[navigationState.index];
        return (
            //Material Design Style Drawer
            <Drawer
                ref="drawer"
                type="displace"
                content={<SideMenu />}
                tapToClose={true}
                openDrawerOffset={0.2} // 20% gap on the right side of drawer
                panCloseMask={0.2}
                negotiatePan={true}
                tweenHandler={(ratio) => ({
                     main: { opacity:Math.max(0.54,1-ratio) }
                })}>
                <DefaultRenderer navigationState={selected}  key={selected.key} {...selected} />
            </Drawer>

        );
    }
}

/// then wrap your scenes with Drawer:
            <Scene key="drawer" component={Drawer}>
                <Scene key="main">
                        ....
                </Scene>
            </Scene>

```

## Support
Thanks to all who submitted PRs to 2.x release. If you like the component and want to support it, feel free to donate any amount or help with issues.
